- every class of playingcharacter can use every weapon
- every class has a damage bonus on two kinds of weapon and a passive skill (ex: rogue -> bonus arc, knives; skill vel + 15%)

- max party size = 3 (including Hero)

- magic damage does true damage ignoring defence.
	- weapons that does magic damage

- spells can be learned using tomes on characters. Every character can learn every spell, but every spell has a minimun wisdom
	value to use it

FUTURE IDEAS:

DIY UPDATE: (
- custom run database available
- community documentation release
)

CLASSES UPDATE: (
- damage type (fire, ice ecc ecc) and type weaknesses
- classes -> implements typ weaknesses
- Vampire City stage, Florence inspired city with powerful vampires (class, weak to fire and light) leading the Town Hall.
)

COMMUNITY UPDATE: (
- forum
- dev blog   
)

STATES UPDATE: (
- npc can have traps, like damaging health or giving a negative state to a character

- a character can have negative or positive states, debuffing or buffing stats, making it weaker to damage or magic damage
	or other like poison giving you poison damage every turn.
		each stat has a counter of the number of turns you will have the effect yet. this counter can incrase or decrease
		with equips, spells, ecc ecc
- Illness Swamp stage, where farmers place human traps and mosquitoes can get you ill (die in x turns).
)

EQUIP UPDATE: (
- crafting, upgrade items and craft unique items
- enchant equip to get special effects
- The Windum, where mages study, and The Forgotten Mine, where the best steel is forged, stages
)

COMMUNITY UPDATE 2: (
- chat
- global ranking system. each run gives you a score based on actions and other stuff for a global leaderboard.
- showcase mode: save your best runs teams to show it on your profile
)

DIY UPDATE 2: (
- possibility to automatically merge databases
- gui for custom run creator
- mod marketplace (maybe monetize on that leaving the possibility to use other people databases?)
)

ADVENTURES UPDATE: (
- 1 new free stage
- 2 new stages (very low price (0,99?))
)

ENDGAME UPDATE: (
- difficulty settings
- nuzlocke mode
- possibility to get up to level 10, with a different boss (maybe hard mode?)
)

ADVENTURES UPDATE 2: (
- 1 new free stage
- 2 new stages (very low price (0,99?))
)

COMMUNITY UPDATE 3: (
- multiplayer: 3 player vs 3 player or 1 player vs 1 player
	the players get in the same dungeon, they have to wander looking for better equip, survive monsters and slay the enemies if 	they find them. the last player or team alive wins
- aestetics to buy for money (more, this time)
- during single player mode you can find an item that freezes an item in the inventory to get it in the colection to be
  used in multiplayer
)

COMMUNITY UDATE 4: (
- item packs & featured items can be bought to avoid single player grind
)

TECH UPDATE: (
- ai generated run (possible only with good training data, need healthy marketplace)
)

COMMUNITY UDATE 4: (
- battle pass giving featured workshop databases, Quests, cheats for single player modes, featured aesthetics included
- Guild battle, 8 vs 8.
)

COMMUNITY UDATE 6: (
- community chooses things from marketplace to be usable in multiplayer. the meta changes ever 4 months as some things goes out
	of rotation while others come in.
- introducing legacy format, where all items can be used.
)




spells:

	- steal an enemy spell (lots of pm)
	- damage in various kinds 

Potential marketing material:
- https://twitter.com/JacobJanerka/status/1543139295560888321
Tristan Elwell
Douglas Beekman
artwork with witches and wizards behind a 80ies ibm pc

Ask for Leocorno's help for the writing process!!!!!

game loop:
1) you choose hero's name (and maybe choose from some characters with unique stats andmaybe skills)
2) choose the next Stage choosing from 3 options
3) you can Explore the Stage, choosing from three Locations. You can refresh the Locations whenever you want.4) while exploring a Location you can fight or interact with NPCS. If enemies are ready for an ambush, you have to defeat them before exploring.
4) Fighting and completing Quests gives you Exp. Level Up to unlock the Boss Location, where you will fight to the death.
4a) if your level is below 7, go back to step 2
5) Fight the Dragon in the Mountain. If you beat him, you win the game.

Ideas:
	"Steal" skill will open a new option for characters interactions to steal items. You can use that in battle too.
	If an npc dies he vanishes

Test stage 1 - Damned City:
	
	location 1 - Cursed church:
		battle:
			3x lesser demon
		exploration loot:
			1x holy water (damages undeads)
		npcs:
			sacristan:
				you can talk to her but she's in a shock status.
			priest:
				thanks the party for saving the church from the demons attack, and tells them that the demons are 				attacking the city since a strange statue has been brought in the city by a merchant.

	location 2 - Tavern:
		npcs:
			Sir Thomas (knight):
				he's drunk and if you will be rude he will attack you. drops potions. if you win the fight he'll join the party.
			innkeeper: 
				makes your party rest at the price of money.
	location 3 - Shop:
		npcs:
			Merchant:
				he will sell you items for money
			Unsettling Statue:
				if you interact with that, there will be a description. Air is sick around that, one random element 					of the party could be poisoned.
				if you use holy water on that statue a major demon battle will trigger. After defeating him (drops 					rusty keys), the merchant will tell you that he traded
				the statue with the mine owner, which has suffered from bankruptcy so was selling all of his worthy goods. 					He ask you to go there to 
				check if everything is ok. 

	location 4 - Abandoned mine:
		battle:
			3x goblin
		loot:
			money
		npcs:
			rusted trap door: 
				need keys to open.
				if rusted keys are used on that, big loot.

	location 5 (locked/boss stage) - Necromancer's cave:
		battle - boss fight:
			1x Necromancer
			2x lesser demon
		loot:
			2x Belladonna 			


Milestones:

0.02	OK	-	locations and fights are playable
0.03	OK	-	basic game logic done (you can play a stage from start to end)
0.04		-	ui components: inventory, party, health bars
				\____________________
					- during every state of the game the inventory and the party icons will be visualized
					- clicking on a party member will open the equip and stats window that will be rendered on top of 						the scene
					clicking on the inventory will open the inventory window that will be rendered on top of the scene. the inventory window will show all items in party's inventory.
0.20  OK	-	build a small database of characters, items, locations for testing purposes
0.1		-	basic graphics
				\____________________
					work on firsts locations, npc and enemies, put images for those
					images for ui
					css textures on ui components to simulate stone and foliage
0.11		-	basic animations
0.12		-	textBuffer refinements

	------------------------------
		START TIKTOK MARKETING
	------------------------------

0.21		-	actors logic partially done (interactions, shops)
0.22		-	fight logic partially done (party, turns, damage, offensive spells, leveling)
0.23		- 	items logic partially done (use, equip)
0.24		- 	game logic done (you can play a game from start to end)
0.24		-	character logic partially done (ai)
0.25		-	characters classes logic
0.25		-	rng based generation of stages, locations and characters
0.3		-	actors, locations and items

0.3->0.9	-	polish, implement missing gamplay functions
0.9->1.0	-	auth system and donations interface

	-------------------------------
		PUBLISHING
	-------------------------------


